After the death of General Qin
Succession Wu is the only son of the Ji family in power now
Soldiers out
Or Concubine Ji Gui really doesn't want to kill her father
Danji family
Do you want to
Does this family want to borrow the death of their father?
Support the new emperor with the inheritance of Wujin City
rescuer
Do you want to be the emperor after inheriting Wu?
Emperor
gibberish
13 years ago
I spared a few
once
How dare he
Since the father thinks so
The son is willing to gamble with the father once
Follow the journey
After three days, the mercenaries will enter Shangjing after inheriting the martial arts
If not poisoned
The father can hand over the crown prince's guards to the eldest prince
The son-in-law is willing to lead the army to fight against the ghosts in person
Die without regret
If the next poison
Don't get military power
Joke big joke
Why do you think I will bet with you?
I plan to
Make a bet with your father
bet
Father Emperor
Why would I bet with you?
Why is that?
Because I bet with him this time
It was his marriage.
Do you believe I will order it all my life?
I can kill you
letter
But the father did not
The son-in-law knows that the father loves the eldest brother
Love enough to give it all
That's why big brother has such a personality
He loves his parents
Love brothers love everyone in the dynasty
Said to put it in ordinary people's houses
The eldest brother will be a beautiful and gentle person
But he can't protect this country
It's not that the father doesn't know
The current inheritance
Mercenaries have been standing still in the pass
Qingzhou is in danger
Father Emperor
Here's a letter.
The last words from the sheriff
might as well
You might as well let my son give you a unique look.